Are you okay?
How about you?
Gu Qingqing was recruited by me personally
Do you have a problem?
What Gu Qingqing was recruited by Mr. Yan himself?
But doesn't he only have a high school degree?
World-weary group
That's because of his ability.
Enough to break this world-weary rule
Costume design competition in a month
Gu Qingqing will see you again
At that time, he will prove it with his strength
He is enough to stay on the rocks
What to participate in the design competition
I have been in the company for three years before I can participate
Stop talking about you.
I've been here for five years.
It's my first time.
You must use some means to break Mr. Yanziyan gently
That's not appropriate.
The company stipulates that you must be employed for three years
And only those who are filial to excellent people can participate
Gu Qingqing is now embroiled in scandals
Participate in the color set competition at this time
Terrible, it will damage the company's image, right?
Rules are made to be broken
I believe that with Gu Qingqing's ability
Enough to participate in this competition
And
The company will investigate this hot search incident clearly.
Before the truth is lost
And then we have drug disseminators.
Dismissal
Mr. Yan
Thank you for your trust in me.
I will definitely do my best to prepare for this competition
Don't let you down
And
As for the false things in the hot search
I will find evidence to prove my innocence.
Never implicate the company
At that time
I want to slander those who slander me today
Apologize to me